Your Majesty disturbs your life,
I was killed, I didn’t think about the scope,
My blood, I am your biological brother,
Pretending, this is all a misunderstanding,
Misunderstanding, let me go,
You will only lead, you start,
What I want is you four princes,
Believe it or not, you,
If you want to kill me, you guys will eat them all and cook them.
There has to be a price to pay.
I understand, if I don’t, I won’t,
We are brothers, you forgot,
I gave you my brother so that you can be with us, brother.
It was your mistake that I made. It's a good thing you didn't mention it.
You and I will tell you the truth, I will, tomorrow,
I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow, I tomorrow
I beg you, give me a chance
I promise you, why only Fufeng’s webpage? It’s not a good idea to go down if it’s too late.
Who were they just now?
Those who support those four web pages should stand up.
Are you going to die by yourself?
I'm the one who speculators
Do you really want to kill me?
You rebel
You will not die
How can I ask you this question?
You are a stupid person.
3. Not as good as my family
Really right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right.
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right.
Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right. Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right. Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right.